update Webhooks Teams (#110)
pluginsGLPI/doc: source/webhook/teams.rst

Teams
-----

.. Warning:: Following the end of O365 connectors, Microsoft is imposing a new method of setting up your webhooks using workflows.

>    This procedure must be implemented before 15 August. After this date, your webhooks will no longer be able to function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This procedure must be implemented before August 15th. After this date, your webhooks will no longer function.
```
